c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\hossain\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Hossain\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hossain\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
C:\Users\Hossain\Downloads\pms\pms\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
G:\PMSProject\Mohi\update\pms\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\NewHospitalManagementSystem\pmsProject\pmsProject\pms\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Helpers.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Helpers.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\Final\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Helpers.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Helpers.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Helpers.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Helpers.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Helpers.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Helpers.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
G:\FinalHospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
F:\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
D:\hospitamproject from Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
D:\hospitamproject Sent Mohiuddin\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Owin.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
E:\HMSProject\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\HospitalManagementSystem\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
